# group-10
What are we making:
We plan to create a system to control delivery cars which enables users to reliably receive an order without the need for human contact. The system will also provide security to prevent highjacking of cars en-route, and to ensure the cargo has been delivered safely, which will then be confirmed by the receiver.

Why are we making it:
The goal with the delivery car is to allow customers to get medical orders right to their door, avoiding human interactions. This will decrease infections due to human contact and also ease the workload of delivery personnel, by making it easier to locate the proper delivery site, and by passing on the responsibility of final navigation on to the customer.

How are we making it: 
The system will consist of two parts, a delivery car, and a smartphone application, connected via a wifi hotspot generated by the phone. The app will notify the customer when their order is ready for the final delivery, at which point they will be able to take control of the car through the app, and steer it to their desired delivery point, by using their phone to steer, and navigating through a camera attached to the car. The customer must of course be logged in into the application, to confirm their identity, and prevent mis delivery of packages. Upon successful delivery, the customer will then scan a code provided with the package, to confirm the delivery, at which point the car will autonomously retrace its steps to return to the hub, and the app will store the successful delivery.
